Update changelog for 3.0 update (#87)
wearerequired/traduttore: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 3.0.0

* Heavy architectural changes to make the plugin more modular
* Added support for Bitbucket.org repositories (Mercurial and Git)
* Added support for GitLab repositories
* Added support for self-managed repositories (GitLab and others)

> * Added new REST API route for incoming webhooks ( `traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new REST API route for incoming webhooks (`traduttore/v1/incoming-webhook`) which replaces the deprecated (`github-webhook/v1/push-event`)
```

Author: Shouldn't this be "… the deprecated _one_ (…)"?

Reviewer: Yes, there was something missing. I updated it.

> * Changed all filters and hooks to use `.` as separators instead of `_`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed all filters and actions to use `.` as the separator between the prefix and hook name instead of `_`
```
